hey guys spite about here just want to
follow up on that last video and the
reason why I'm doing so is I don't want
people chasing down leads that really
aren't going to go anywhere so I went
into theatre in the same game that I
looked at these lions and as you spawn
in those orbs are actually they're there
they're actually underneath the paws of
the line but then they disappear for
whatever reason so again is that just a
graphical glitch or are they
intentionally removing them from the
Lions you know prior to when you spawn
in and in those first few seconds when
you're spawning in your actually you
know you have a black screen you can't
see yourself dropping down and when you
finally are able to see yourself I mean
you don't have enough time to turn
around and physically see that these
orbs are underneath the paws of the
Lions and we're also going to take a
look at the Dragons the orbs are still
in the Dragons mouths so they're they're
already there what I do have though and
and for me I don't think I've ever seen
those orbs underneath the Lions paws but
i can't say that i've really looked or
really have noticed but i got an image
here from somebody on Twitter who says i
mean they were on round six or something
like that and those orbs were underneath
the Lions paws and they were also at the
the dragons so it looks like it's a
false lead or a false theory and I
apologize for that i want to make sure
that you guys were updated and clarify
on that last video so that we don't
chase dead ends alright that's it for
now we'll have more soon I'm spider in
the moat
you